Long time no see!
Now you
Of course I know you.
I am Mr. Ou's idol
No, no, Mr. Shaw is my idol
If Mr. Xiao dares to ask
What is your relationship with Miss Ye?
Ah, my wife.
Your wife?
The third point is to sit.
sit sit sit
Come and make tea
He doesn't need it. I'll look at the contract first
Yufei, this contract is not bad
Why didn't you sign
There is an additional clause in the contract
He asked us to put the Ye family data
The privacy of tens of millions of customers in the warehouse is packaged and sold to him
Well, I really signed the signature, I misunderstood, misunderstood, misunderstood.
It wasn't like this, it wasn't like this, come on
This needs to be changed.
We will change it.
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
According to this request, please send me a copy first.
Chairperson, are you crazy, hurry up?
OK, wait a minute.
The horse will come in soon.